Alright. Time for a case study comparing ARIMA and STL. The three themes I personally have are food, fuel, and macro, so let's start with a macro theme as suggested by ChatGPT o3-mini-high: US monthly retail sales.

Now, if you go to FRED and look for monthly retail sales, you'll be amused by the sheer variety of time series that represent various aspects of retail sales. I will pick one. It looks nicely seasonal: [here's one](https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/MRTSSM44000USN)

For those following along at home, download the csv or use the FRED API to grab the data. I'll do some analysis, providing plots along the way.

1. Acquire the data and import it into Python or R or whatever you're using. 

2. Exploratory data analysis: 
  * Plot it for visual inspection. Do we have seasonality? Do we have trend? Outliers?
  * I do like seasonplots -- they're a wonderful method for looking at data on a yearly basis.
  * Let's look at the autocorrelation plot to help us prepare for ARIMA analysis.

  You know what, the original workflow proposed by ChatGPT does not include setting up a train-test split or anything like that. I don't like that. We can do this from the beginning. I will go back and amend that chapter.

  You know what else it doesn't have? Defining the goal. I should define a goal. For didactic purposes, I'll define two goals. First goal: do a point-in-time forecast of monthly retail sales for April 2025. I choose this month as it's not too far ahead and we'll be able to assess outcomes during the class that I'm teaching right now. Second goal: how much does March 2025 diverge from the forecast I would have made as of December 2025? This may help me assess the change in sentiment we are seeing, comparing the post-election pre-inauguration trajectory to the trajectory two months in.
  These goals mean that I need point-in-time forecasts. When thinking about the tradeoff between accuracy and precision, I am most interested in accuracy at this time. 
  
3A. Use ARIMA to fit a model
3B. Use STL to fit a model

  
